hey guys ipod case reviews and i have a
review part unboxing and yeah so sorry
if I didn't make a video in a long time
dress I didn't have anything to reveal
but I did have the otterbox to reveal
another so lazy to do it sorry so says
you know this is packaging probably from
its wraps so let's get this open or just
a quick information oh I've been using
that incase slider it's a great um case
but just that I think the rubber rails
are too uh-oh are you serious it don't
that tall so my ipod has been getting
more scratches lately but still love the
case oh so this is the skin all right
perhaps and so here's wraps um I don't
know what how much they are but down
that much compared to music skins or
there were 6 99 in pounds so I really
don't know how to calculate that into
u.s. dollars sorry let's take this heart
I cannot do this review without wraps
off thank you two reps and they also
send me out another pair because before
I got the iphone 3g and i forgot to
request them so they give a diet for
drinking so here the traps really nice
and they give you this utter punt
pamphlet all right wraps they are made
from premium on so you can do that made
with panel bind all that photo quality
graphics featuring the work of artists
worldwide wraps or take your eye patch
on stretches and make it stand out in
the crowd so there's no bulk easy on
Easy Off and no scratches and it also
comes with the Apple laptops psp's wees
controllers so there's a lot of stuff
you can do with that so let's get on as
always office depot screen cleaner and
blue microphone fiber or as you can say
flash cleaning cloth so just spray
talk
our dash good and bad uh I'm using the
switch easy screen forget screenshot
yeah and I try to take it off because I
want to try other screen shields but
just won't don't won't be taken off it's
very hard I'm trying to dig my nail
under it I have pretty long nails so I
don't know why alright that's good now
see which once a week tape uh I'll get
this one so let's peel it off just put
this on Macklemore all right let's see
what kind of shape to head and this is
it it's not like the exit the X shape
more like a square shape see can see
that better so yeah very nice oh yeah
yeah side they know where to put it so
go just apply that on let me put inside
of it talk apply this that good huh no
and to let you guys know you can reapply
this so that's a good thing not like
invisible shields where do you want to
try screwed I think that's good ah yeah
thnkx 02 so just come out in put it push
it out and then inside and as the word
wraps me it wraps around your device so
that's good I met so I'm done and this
looks really great on your iPod yeah
really great so compared to this I chose
this one because it's not there's no
color but you're closer on this one I
think there's blurs but maybe it was
supposed to be like that it just shades
it out I'm sorry kinda shades it out so
that's why I chose to use this one my
god um it's much higher quality
resolution picture to show what wraps is
really for um great quality pictures for
your skin's oh great scratch resistant
resistant protection and overall this is
great skin uh showing nothing it's just
at the skin but it won't add job
protection and it will not protect her
from your screen of course touch
tobacco Tuscan but overall I'll give it
a solid eight because they have nice
resolution pictures there's also the
spongebob one for 699 for a pound and
who doesn't like spongebob everyone does
so thank you refs for giving me this
product to reveal and I really
appreciate it I'm like also put this in
the giveaway so I'm gonna send it to you
now and press the yellow subscribe
button or a hair please it will help a
lot that's like it